---
title: 'Longbridge Developers Platform Disclaimer — SG'
sidebar_label: 'Disclaimer (SG)'
id: legal_developers-platform-disclaimer-sg
slug: '/legal/developers-platform-disclaimer-sg'
sidebar_position: 3
---

You intend to use the Longbridge Developers application programming interface ("**API**") services provided by Longbridge AI Technologies Pte. Ltd. ("**Longbridge AI**"), which is associated with the trading platform provided by the entity licensed as a securities brokerage, being Long Bridge Securities Pte. Ltd. (the "**Securities Company**").

By entering into the transaction, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions:

**1.** This disclaimer is binding with respect to your client account under the relevant terms and conditions. You confirm that you have agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions including but not limited to the customer agreement and term of services provided by the Securities Company, the related risk disclosure statements, any other relevant provisions, rules and guidelines amended by the Singapore Exchange from time to time and the terms and conditions associated with the Longbridge trading platform ("**Terms and Conditions**").

**2.** You confirm that you understand the risk of trading mentioned in the risk disclosure statement under the Terms and Conditions.

**3.** The API access-in methods independently selected by you, including but not limited to self-developed systems, artificial intelligence applications and other technical interfaces (collectively referred to as "**API Access-in Methods**"), and the API which you use is designed, developed or provided by Longbridge AI or such other relevant legal entities ("**Technology Provider**"), which is independent from the Securities Company. The Securities Company makes no express or implied warranties regarding the Technology Provider's service quality, technical performance and security. You hereby irrevocably undertake that the selection of API Access-in Methods and utilization of the API constitute decisions made solely based on your independent judgment. You confirm that you possess the requisite professional qualifications and operational capabilities to execute such transactions, and fully acknowledge the corresponding market risks, technical risks and operational risks that may consequently arise.

**4.** You hereby irrevocably undertake that you shall bear the full responsibility for the following legal risks and losses, and neither the Technology Provider nor the Securities Company shall bear any legal liability for the following, including but not limited to:

- a) Any loss arising from inherent defects in the API Access-in Methods selected by you independently and the API used, including trading errors, order delays, or data discrepancies;
- b) Trading anomalies caused by technical failures of the Technology Provider;
- c) System interruptions resulting from force majeure, cyberattacks, or other causes not attributable to the Securities Company; or
- d) Abnormal trading outcomes due to your failure to comply with operational guidelines.

**5.** Although the API is compatible with the Longbridge trading application ("**Trading Application**") to proceed any trades, the Securities Company shall not be obliged to ensure compatibility between the API and Trading Application. The Securities Company is not liable for any loss or damage suffered as a result of any trading restrictions, obstacles or computing program errors which is caused by different network issues (including but not limited to disconnection, power outage, network congestion or system congestion), communications, trading mode selection, trading time settings, overnight trading, or system settings. The final outcome of every transaction is subject to the account statements provided by the Securities Company.

**6.** You acknowledge and agree that the Securities Company has absolute discretion to decide the scope and content of any services provided through the API. The Securities Company also has the right to terminate such service at any time. The services provided by API is subject to the prevailing terms of service provided by the Securities Company.

**7.** You are responsible for ensuring the protection of your personal account number, account passwords, transaction-related passwords and all other account security-related information. You are also responsible for keeping your personal account secured from unauthorized use. You acknowledge and understand that you are the only user of your client account, Trading Application account, API and all relevant passwords, and you are responsible for any instruction(s) or transaction(s) through the above-said accounts and/or use of the API.

**8.** Regardless of the API Access-in Methods, you are responsible for all transaction instructions. You hereby confirm that each instruction genuinely reflects your trading intent, and the instruction generation process shall always remain under your effective manual control. You may not claim that any instruction does not represent your true intention on grounds including but not limited to technical complexity, operational indirectness or system opacity.

**9.** You understand that any content and information such as market changes or real-time information obtained or provided by the API services shall not constitute an offer or solicitation to enter into any transaction. The Securities Company or the third party data provider provides the information on an "as is" and "as available" basis and is for general information only. You agree that while the Securities Company endeavours to ensure the accuracy and reliability of such information, the Securities Company does not warrant the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of any such information and the Securities Company will not bear any liability for any loss arising from any inaccuracy, omission or incompleteness of the information or any reliance on such information. The Securities Company and any third party data provider will not be liable for any loss or damage resulting, directly or indirectly, from any error, delay or omission of information resulting from force majeure or other causes beyond the Securities Company's reasonable control.

**10.** You understand that trading through the API may be different from trading through the Trading Application. If you trade through the API, you agree to bear the risks of using the API such as encountering possible malfunction of hardware or software. Your instruction(s) may not be executed due to the malfunction of the system.

**11.** You are aware of the types of trading instruction(s), trading functions and the operation and risks of the trading process provided by the API. You have to understand the operational mechanisms and the risks involved in such trading before using API. You shall be responsible for any possible compliance and regulatory matters arising from the consequence or during the process of using the API.

**12.** The use of the API services is at your own risk and such services provided to you are without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied. The Securities Company does not guarantee the API services will operate/function without any interruption, failures or malfunctions. The Securities Company is not responsible for the outcome/consequence of the transaction by using the API service. You are solely responsible for any and all losses (including but not limited to, unlimited, special, incidental, consequential or punitive), directly or indirectly, from the use of or inability to use the services of the API.

**13.** You agree to be bound by the trading rules provided by the Securities Company which govern the use of the API from time to time. The extent of rules includes but is not limited to the frequency of login/logout per minute, the frequency of placing orders and cancellations of orders, server usage limits, trading period and mechanisms. The Securities Company reserves the right to restrict or modify the use of an API according to the usage, risk management or other considerations. If there is any improper use of the API service, the Technology Provider and/or the Securities Company may restrict, cancel or terminate your access and connection to the API at any time without prior notice.

**14.** The Securities Company absolutely prohibits you from engaging in any form of market manipulation or any suspicious activities with respect to any transaction. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, the Securities Company may, in its absolute discretion, take action on any account(s) that is suspected of market manipulation or any suspicious activities, including but not limited to investigating and reviewing your profile, freezing or terminating the account(s) involved, having to provide approval before any instruction(s) take place, and making any other necessary alterations or adjustments without prior notice. The Securities Company may, in its absolute discretion, report such activities to any relevant regulatory and law enforcement authorities where necessary.

**15.** You acknowledge that you have read and fully understand the terms and conditions set out above and agree to be bound by them. The Technology Provider and/or Securities Company reserves the right to vary, amend, delete or replace any of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms and Conditions at any time.

**16.** You acknowledge and agree that the Technology Provider and/or the Securities Company reserve the right to adjust the services abovementioned at any time without prior notice.
